## these problems need to be fixed

1. We have a problem. It's not affecting the process itself and causing it to fail, but it's good if we address it. So the issue is that when I run the scrabber in any way, whether I'm validating a link in SMAX, whether I am running the scrabber itself, it's going to open up some tabs, right, regarding what you are going to do. For example, if you want to validate a link, it will open a tab trying to validate a link and follow the process that it have set to do. But the thing here that it's opening a blank tab. I don't know why, but it's opening a blank tab always, whether I am validating a link or scrubbing a web page itself, it's opening a blank. I don't know why, but it's bothers me and it will be good if we address it. (about:blank)

2. We have another issue. It's also not affecting the process itself, but it's considered to be missing. So when you perform any type of scrape, whether it's Testmax or CUIU website, it's going to be shown in the history in the dashboard itself, the scrape history. I've noticed that when I scrape in Testmax, it doesn't show there. It doesn't show in the history itself. So this needs to be addressed.

3. One thing that angsts me about our system is the settings UI. So it's not only the settings UI, it's our, like, our service control panel itself. We are firing or starting scraping from there. We are seeing the scraping status from there. We are seeing everything. It's not only for settings. We will change its name sooner or later, but I don't like its UI. It's stupid. It's also hard to use. It's not organized in a way that it should be organized. So we need to work on it. We need first to study it and actually see what do we have, what also we could be adding in the future to make it ready to handle it, or we can just add it to our updated UI set that we are going to create later on. So it's not only the UI we are talking here, we are also talking about the user experience. We are talking in terms of UI and UX. What is also make me anxious that I need to save every time I change settings. Maybe you can do something about this where settings is being saved automatically instead me go and save it manually because it's um It's make me anxious and it's not a very good UI. As I told you, we need to revamp the whole thing and make it more usable, more user-friendly, and its UX and UI far more better than this. We can do better. I'm not talking about something extraordinary, but I'm talking about something actually feels like a real service to use, not some gimmick or thing that feels it will break easily, you know.

4. We have another issue, and it's regarding the ability for our service to identify whether the data is historical or it's ongoing data. So as you can see, we have two types of data. We have classified data into two types. There are historical data, there are ongoing data. And the thing behind this is that we have two types of data, data that are not changing. They are closed. So for example, you are getting last or past week data. Past week data is not going to change. It will stay the same and it will not change. So identifying it as historical data or classifying it as historical data will allow our code to, it will avoid scrubbing it again and again and again. So if it is historical data, it will not scrub it again later. It will only scrub ongoing data, the data that are changing, data like today's data, data like this week data. The week is not over, so it's keep scrubbing this week data, the ongoing data, this month, this year data. Things that are from the past are historical, like past year, past month, past week, for example. Those kind of things that are considered to be historical. The thing is, there are one type of report I am pulling from SMS, and it's clearly saying that it's last year. And still our service or our code considering it like ongoing data. So we need to make sure that it identifies the data or classifies the data correctly, whether they are historical or ongoing data for all the websites we are scrabig from.

5. There is also another thing that I want to highlight. I don't know whether we can consider it as a problem or it's just an anomaly, a small anomaly. But for example, I was previously, I was trying to scrub a report and there was a problem in the scraper where it's not scraping data correctly. And it scrapes one row of data. It got everything correctly, like the date when it scraped it, what is the source of it, but the report itself, it's written here, unknown report, and the type of data or the thing that it's trying to pull, which is the total, is set as zero. So this line of data is not significant for us. We are not using it. I don't know whether this is, I think it is correct, like it's identified that it's unknown report and the total is zero and so on. So I don't know whether this will make us trouble later or make us problems, or we can just keep it as long as it has been classified as unknown report, and as long as we have the correct data written, like the name of the report and what we are trying to pull from there exactly, we can just pull or choose them selectively in the place we are going to represent those data on, which is PowerBI. So should we just ignore it or we can do something about it, or what exactly? I must have highlighted this, if it will be making any issues, we can address it. If not, we can just ignore it.

